Enable the configuration cache persistently on gradle/gradle build (#18449)
gradle/gradle: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Making Changes

### Configuration cache enabled by default

The build of Gradle enables the configuration cache by default as an experiment.

> Most frequent use cases when contributing support the configuration cache but some don't. For example, building the documentation currently requires to disable the configuration cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most use cases support the configuration cache but some don't. For example, building the documentation currently requires to disable the configuration cache.
```

> The build is configured to fail if a task that is known to have problems is scheduled. You can disable the configuration cache with `--no-configuration-cache`. You can ignore problems with `--configuration-cache-problems=warn`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The build fails if a task that is known to have problems is scheduled. You can disable the configuration cache with `--no-configuration-cache`. You can ignore problems with `--configuration-cache-problems=warn`.
```
